Fix typo and refine a sentence in README.md (#65)
klaytn/klaytn: README.md

## Contributing

> As an open source project, Klaytn is always welcoming your contribution. Please read our [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for a walk-through of the contribution process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an open source project, Klaytn always welcomes your contribution. Please read our [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for a walk-through of the contribution process.
```
Very good!
Could you please make one more change?
As fas as I know, be always ~ing is a negative expression.

Author: Sure :) I've updated the PR. Please take a look again.
